Modernize the scripting page of the API docs (#1661)
natcap/invest: doc/api-docs/scripting.rst

            natcap.invest.ndr.ndr.execute(args)

This loop covers all the files located in
``C:\User\demo\Desktop\landcover_data`` and updates the relevant ``lulc_uri``
key in the args dictionary to each of those files during execution as well as
making a useful suffix so output files can be distinguished from each other.

============================================
Example: Saving model log messages to a file
============================================

When you save a model run to a python script, InVEST will automatically include
code to write all logging to your console while it executes.  But sometimes,

> it's useful to save log messages from th emodel to a file.  This can be done by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it's useful to save log messages from the model to a file.  This can be done by
```
